#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
argparse==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via panel
blosc2==2.5.1
    # via tables
bokeh==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
    #   umap-learn
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via dask
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via dask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
colorcet==3.1.0
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   holoviews
    #   umap-learn
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cython==0.29.37
    # via hdbscan
dask[array,dataframe]==2024.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask-expr
    #   datashader
dask-expr==1.1.10
    # via dask
datashader==0.16.3
    # via umap-learn
decorator==5.1.1
    # via scprep
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   graphtools
    #   phate
    #   tasklogger
filelock==3.15.4
    # via torch
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   torch
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   graphtools
    #   phate
graphtools==1.5.3
    # via phate
h5py==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
hdbscan==0.8.33
    # via -r requirements.in
holoviews==1.19.1
    # via umap-learn
idna==3.7
    # via requests
imageio==2.35.0
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==8.2.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   markdown
importlib-resources==6.4.3
    # via matplotlib
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   hdbscan
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via panel
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
locket==1.0.0
    # via partd
markdown==3.7
    # via panel
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   panel
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.9.2
    # via
    #   phate
    #   seaborn
    #   umap-learn
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.1
    # via panel
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via blosc2
multipledispatch==1.0.0
    # via datashader
ndindex==1.8
    # via blosc2
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numba==0.60.0
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
numexpr==2.10.1
    # via tables
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blosc2
    #   bokeh
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   datashader
    #   graphtools
    #   h5py
    #   hdbscan
    #   holoviews
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   numexpr
    #   pandas
    #   phate
    #   pyarrow
    #   pygsp
    #   s-gd2
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   scprep
    #   seaborn
    #   tables
    #   tifffile
    #   umap-learn
    #   xarray
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   datashader
    #   holoviews
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   scprep
    #   tables
    #   xarray
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-expr
    #   datashader
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
    #   scprep
    #   seaborn
    #   umap-learn
    #   xarray
panel==1.3.8
    # via holoviews
param==2.1.1
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
    #   pyct
    #   pyviz-comms
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
phate==1.0.11
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   datashader
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via
    #   blosc2
    #   tables
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via dask-expr
pyct==0.5.0
    # via datashader
pygsp==0.5.1
    # via graphtools
pynndescent==0.5.13
    # via umap-learn
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
pyqt5==5.15.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyqtwebengine
pyqt5-qt5==5.15.2
    # via pyqt5
pyqt5-sip==12.15.0
    # via
    #   pyqt5
    #   pyqtwebengine
pyqtwebengine==5.15.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pyqtwebengine-qt5==5.15.2
    # via pyqtwebengine
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyviz-comms==3.0.3
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   panel
s-gd2==1.8.1
    # via phate
scikit-image==0.24.0
    # via umap-learn
scikit-learn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphtools
    #   hdbscan
    #   phate
    #   pynndescent
    #   scprep
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   graphtools
    #   hdbscan
    #   phate
    #   pygsp
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scprep
    #   umap-learn
scprep==1.2.3
    # via phate
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via umap-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
sympy==1.13.2
    # via torch
tables==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tasklogger==1.2.0
    # via
    #   graphtools
    #   phate
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2024.8.10
    # via scikit-image
toolz==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datashader
    #   partd
torch==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4.1
    # via bokeh
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   panel
    #   umap-learn
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   panel
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
umap-learn[plot]==0.5.6
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
xarray==2024.7.0
    # via datashader
xyzservices==2024.6.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   panel
zipp==3.20.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
